1 1 51

1. The parton distribution tables used in CalcHEP
can contain description of alphaQCD(Q). The first
menu position gives to the user a possibility to
accept/refuse the alphaQCD stored in the tables.
 If this switch is ON, but  in the current moment
the parton distribution table is not specified or
doesn't contain alphaQCD, then you should see the
symbol "?" attached to  "ON". In this case the
alphaQCD defined by next menu items is used
ignoring this menu item.

2-4. Next three menu items define alternative
alphaQCD function. Here nf is maximal number of
flavors.  The actual number of flavors will
decrease with decreasing the scale.
  
5.The fifth menu item defines  the dependence of
scale Q from the phase-space point. In time of
numerical calculations this scale is used as
argument of alphaQCD and parton structure
distributions. This scale can be specified as a
constant, like Z mass (default value) or can be
constructed from the objects defined in Section
"Phase space functions".  For example, "M12"
designates the CMS energy of incoming particles,
"T3" is transverse momenta of the third particle.
The scale smaller then 1 GeV is replaces
automatically on 1.

6. The "Alpha(Q) plot" menu function displays the
alpha(Q) plots for the region of scale defined by
the user.
